Adding Courses in English (#7514)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [HTML and CSS Crash For Beginner](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4-IK0AVhVjM0xE0K2uZRvsM7LkIhsPT-) - Kevin Powell (YouTube)
* [HTML and CSS Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0eyrZgxdwhwNC5ppZo_dYGVjerQY3xYU) - Dani Krossing
* [HTML Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_RGaFnxSHWr_FB-hVEgEGUESZL1TOiJ6)

> * [HTML Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHB2jUvAlGo) - Programming with Harry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [HTML Tutorial For Beginners (With Notes)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHB2jUvAlGo) - ProgrammingWithHarry
```

* [Python Programming Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzMcBGfZo4-mFu00qxl0a67RhjjZj3jXm) - Tech With Tim
* [Python Tutorial - Python for Beginners [Full Course]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc) - Moshfegh Hamedani (Programming with Mosh)
* [Python tutorial for beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLK8cqdr55Tss0puRoHDBagvj7Qjin9axl) - ProgrammingWithHarry

> * [Python Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pPdKYpowI) - Nana Janashia (TechWorld with Nana)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Python Tutorial for Beginners - Learn Python in 5 Hours \[FULL COURSE\]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pPdKYpowI) - Nana Janashia (TechWorld with Nana)
```
